README.md, before:

# FENMS 034 - Data Structures and Algorithms
Data Structures and Algorithms @ International Burch University (2023 - 2024)

## Week 1: Introduction / Linked Lists
- [[Week 1] Lecture slides - Introduction](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Q7GcqdhCBJ9IIG2xKSpqbVzEZYiT6k8XhzCK16YjV2w/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 1] Lecture slides - Linked List](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Wtd_L85gbWLbHLj6T4l689rL2DYuNXy2nGu0RgWPLBk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 1] Lab document - Introduction to Java, Maven and Git](https://docs.google.com/document/d/171yWaYxAzLqxmwKGs4TTIGy7P66LJL1BR-RkYWdpBKA/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 1] Lab document - Linked Lists in Java](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w7H8DCt1TTd3QCVGKmxT58OdUvhXTWXTxNmf0efjOs0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Week 2: Stacks and Queues
- [[Week 2] Lecture slides - Stacks and Queues](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZDKFIHJ9uABDHLKJ9TS7P4HkKce3MYrg7BlEnGyVRTA/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 2] Lab document - Stacks and Queues in Java](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hp9c4lyW9lU6NOlCiXlhmFp8eHXJGEosWkhugy8FFG0/edit?usp=sharing)
---
https://ibu.edu.ba @ 2024

Commit message:

Added tests and README for Week 3.

README.md, after:

# FENMS 034 - Data Structures and Algorithms
Data Structures and Algorithms @ International Burch University (2023 - 2024)

## Week 1: Introduction / Linked Lists
- [[Week 1] Lecture slides - Introduction](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Q7GcqdhCBJ9IIG2xKSpqbVzEZYiT6k8XhzCK16YjV2w/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 1] Lecture slides - Linked List](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Wtd_L85gbWLbHLj6T4l689rL2DYuNXy2nGu0RgWPLBk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 1] Lab document - Introduction to Java, Maven and Git](https://docs.google.com/document/d/171yWaYxAzLqxmwKGs4TTIGy7P66LJL1BR-RkYWdpBKA/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 1] Lab document - Linked Lists in Java](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w7H8DCt1TTd3QCVGKmxT58OdUvhXTWXTxNmf0efjOs0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Week 2: Stacks and Queues
- [[Week 2] Lecture slides - Stacks and Queues](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZDKFIHJ9uABDHLKJ9TS7P4HkKce3MYrg7BlEnGyVRTA/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 2] Lab document - Stacks and Queues in Java](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hp9c4lyW9lU6NOlCiXlhmFp8eHXJGEosWkhugy8FFG0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Week 3: Analysis of Algorithms, Search Algorithms and Bubble Sort
- [[Week 3] Analysis of Algorithms, Search Algorithms and Bubble Sort](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Chyl4LtMjTT4BxeQ5-FBZ6X5_8t4h16NLtRUvfEK9Yw/edit?usp=sharing)
- [[Week 3] Lab document - Binary Search & Bubble Sort](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m5YqHrpP7rhOnRmZxkMIQC_1mWI_V5mZG-qyyosC0r8/edit?usp=sharing)

---
https://ibu.edu.ba @ 2024
